[DJM-801] Document DD_LOGS_CONFIG_PROCESSING_RULES (#29384)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_jobs/databricks.md

|--------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| DD_TAGS                  | Add tags to Databricks cluster and Spark performance metrics. Comma or space separated key:value pairs. Follow [Datadog tag conventions][1]. Example: `env:staging,team:data_engineering` |
| DD_ENV                   | Set the `env` environment tag on metrics, traces, and logs from this cluster. |

> | DD_LOGS_CONFIG_PROCESSING_RULES | Configure log processing rules. See [Advanced Log Collection][3] for more details. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DD_LOGS_CONFIG_PROCESSING_RULES | Filter the logs collected with processing rules. See [Advanced Log Collection][3] for more details. |
```

| WORKER_LOGS_ENABLED      | Collect spark workers logs in Datadog.                                                                                                                         | false   |
| DD_TAGS                  | Add tags to Databricks cluster and Spark performance metrics. Comma or space separated key:value pairs. Follow [Datadog tag conventions][4]. Example: `env:staging,team:data_engineering` |         |
| DD_ENV                   | Set the `env` environment tag on metrics, traces, and logs from this cluster.                                                                                          |         |

> | DD_LOGS_CONFIG_PROCESSING_RULES | Configure log processing rules. See [Advanced Log Collection][5] for more details. |         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DD_LOGS_CONFIG_PROCESSING_RULES | Filter the logs collected with processing rules. See [Advanced Log Collection][5] for more details. |         |
```

| WORKER_LOGS_ENABLED      | Collect spark workers logs in Datadog.                                                                                                                         | false   |
| DD_TAGS                  | Add tags to Databricks cluster and Spark performance metrics. Comma or space separated key:value pairs. Follow [Datadog tag conventions][4]. Example: `env:staging,team:data_engineering` |         |
| DD_ENV                   | Set the `env` environment tag on metrics, traces, and logs from this cluster.                                                                                          |         |

> | DD_LOGS_CONFIG_PROCESSING_RULES | Configure log processing rules. See [Advanced Log Collection][5] for more details. |         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DD_LOGS_CONFIG_PROCESSING_RULES | Filter the logs collected with processing rules. See [Advanced Log Collection][5] for more details. |         |
```
